what's going on YouTube it's your boy
Ignacio the barber got another quick
video for y'all I'm about to show you
how to create a the Instagram illusion
that they use to make their edge of look
real crispy and sharp as you see I
haven't done the blade on them I just
ran the machine on oh so I'm gonna show
you how that before and after this is
before doing that illusion
you can see his edge up
doesn't look so dark doesn't look so
sharp once we're done I'm gonna teach
you how to make that change
all right first things first
you're gonna need a straight razor with
the fresh new blade in there you need
your towel of course and I use the
eyeliner just let me show you could zoom
that in the NEX eyeliner and we're gonna
do you're gonna get the eyeliner and put
it up and then this we're gonna apply it
to his edge up just around the borders
as you've added that what you're gonna
do is with your thumb you get a smear
smear it make sure you blend it in real
good
and do that process so you get it to
darkness that you want it
make sure you don't put too much gonna
be noticeable if you want to do it to
the point so we're gonna look sharp and
that's your dark
those yeah live it you can get your
straight razor with no water you're
gonna do it dry and just start outlining
it like if you're doing on or wired up
you do this to both sides so you can see
there looks a lot nicer and sharper once
you I've done that this was gonna look
like it's gonna give you a nice sharp
look as you can see from any angle we
gotta look good name suicide works
better whenever you had the part because
you could actually make a stand out more
as you can see on there